0-10s: In this section, the clip starts with a black screen and the Queensland Police Service logo in the upper right corner. Then, a person wearing a light blue shirt and a white helmet enters the frame. Next, a male and a female police officer wearing black uniforms and caps with the word "POLICE" on the back walk along a paved path in a green park. Then, a female and two male police officers, also in black uniforms, sit at a table and look at a laptop, smiling. After that, the back view of a police officer in uniform is shown, with the word "POLICE" printed on their black vest. Following this, a group of police officers in uniform stand in formation. Finally, a police officer in a light blue shirt and black pants runs across a paved area, and two female police officers in uniform are shown practicing shooting at targets in a firing range, which is in the same building as the previous scenes.
10-20s: In this section, the clip starts with a back shot of a police officer at the same shooting range, firing a handgun. Next, the scene transitions to the interior of a police car, where two officers are driving down a road with another car visible ahead. Then, an individual wearing protective headgear, who is the same person from the first scene, practices CPR on a mannequin. Following this, a police officer, who is the same officer running across the paved area in the first scene, throws his arms up in celebration against a clear blue sky. After that, the same officer is seen running along a sidewalk next to a building. Finally, the clip ends with a view through a dark room illuminated by blue light, where officers are escorting the same man in a helmet from the first scene.
20-30s: In this section, the clip showcases a variety of training exercises that appear to be at the same police training facility. We see two people wearing sparring headgear inside the same dark room from the previous scene. Then, two police officers in black uniforms are running on a track, and one of them is being pepper-sprayed in the face by another officer. Next, a silver car is driving on a track with orange cones. Following this, a man in a white T-shirt is punching another man who is holding a blue pad. Later, two police officers are kneeling and examining a dummy lying on the ground. Finally, a white car is maneuvering around cones on a wet track during a rainy day.
